Video course on Safari Books Online

http://my.safaribooksonline.com/video/programming/c/41001l2pcprogbeg

_C Programming for Beginners_

**By**: Mark Lassoff

**Publisher**: LearnToProgram

**Publication Date**: 14-JAN-2013

**Insert Date**: 29-JAN-2013

# Overview

If you'd like to learn how to develop applications for iOS (iPhone and iPad) but haven't programmed much before the task may seem daunting. iOS programming is based on the Objective C programming language-- for which C programming is a prerequisite. C programming is the perfect place to start if you want to create programs for iPhone, iPad or Mac. C is also a great language to learn if you have never programmed before and want to understand the basics. C is the basis of many languages used today. C++, Objective C, PHP, Java and even Microsoft's .net languages have their roots in the C programming language. While C has been around since the 70's it's still used to day in applications where speed is critical-- Financial applications, video games and complex engineering simulations are all written in C. In this video tutorial master trainer Mark Lassoff goes overall of the important concepts you need to learn C programming. After completing this course you will be ready to write and adjust C applications. You will also be fully prepared to tackle Objective-C-- the language of iOS (the iPad and iPhone). There is no programming experience required for this course. So take a tour around this ultimate C programming tutorial... and we hope to see you inside! 